this is the cemetery where the victims
were buried recently after the sustained
Israeli bombing that caused a
significant rise in the casualties in
Gaza
City these are empty casings of the
ammunitions that were used by the
occupation forces in Gaza City you can
see the rockets that were used by their
soldiers who dumped the empty casings
here after they bulldozed the cemetery
digging up the bodies of the victims and
driving their vehicles over them in the
process a large number of bodies lie
outside of their graves after they were
dug up by Israeli
forces here we can take a closer look at
the remains of the bodies who were
buried at this
Cemetery the Israeli forces dug up the
bodies and took some of them according
to the
locals and the only thing left are the
you see
here there are large numbers of bodies
all along this pathway here as you can
see can you tell me what happened
here what happened is that our enemies
are criminals they follow us to our
Graves even after we're dead there is no
religion that allows this Islam or
otherwise no religion allows what our
criminal enemies have done to these dead
people
what had the dead done this is barbaric
we respect all religions but our enemy
respects
nothing my two sons my brother and my
brother's son are buried here and you
can see the extent of the sabotage and
the Revenge that beill this area even
the dead could not Escape
them we can see here the tracks left by
the vehicles that the Israeli forces
drove over the victim's bodies can you
tell me what you're
doing we're looking for the bodies of
some
relatives have you found anything her
mother her older daughter and her baby
we're still looking we haven't found
anything we've erected a memorial here
and we will recite a prayer for them
there's nothing else we can
do a significant number of bodies were
dug up and mutilated when occupation
forces bulldozed the area the number is
unfortunately
staggering
we found the bodies above the ground
after the Israelis had exhumed them
right now we're lining up the bodies of
our relatives in order to reberry
them make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer